5.2.12
Fix the problem that the Tab control cannot be compiled when the window name is Chinese. And error setting sub-window.



5.2.11 2020-4-14
Fixed an issue where multiple lines of text did not display multiple lines when editing the Label control
Modify the PrintA function, do not create a small window in its own process, because message deadlock occurs in many places. Use a standalone EXE to run a small window instead.
Modify Add the WS_CLIPSIBLINGS style to the control to prevent the control from intersecting with the control and not automatically refreshing afterimages.
Fix the problem of triggering double-click and switching to code when the Ctal key multi-select control is pressed within the double-click time.
Fix hook control, tooltip text is not hooked.
Added SaveFileScatter function to write arbitrary data anywhere.
Add yGDI Add DrawImgBuffer LoadImgBuffer File data in memory, draw and load directly.
Fix the problem that the edit box does not display correctly and other abnormal problems in the control properties.
New custom tools add output folder options.
Modify inc \ Afx \ AfxStr.inc Modify all parameters WString to Cwstr to avoid garbled characters when using A character parameters.
Added custom data properties for List and Combo controls. 【Highlights】
Fix the problem that the number of tabs obtained by the Tab control is always zero.
Added Tab control binding window function, you can create a new window, set as a child window, and then bind TAB, you can automatically switch and resize. 【Highlights】
Fix the problem that after deleting a control, any new control will be selected at the same time as the main window.
Fix the problem that Toolbar and statusbar controls, icons created in edit state, do not automatically destroy icons after destroying the controls.
Add ListView control, edit the list header.
Add ListView, TreeView controls, choose to bind the image control properties when editing the window.
Modify the way of calling the compiler to improve the calling speed.

5.2.10 2020-3-31
Added TabControl ItemData property.
Modify PrintA function, no longer output to VFB5, create a small window to display, display up to 1000.
Amend the search prompt to the bottom. After selecting No, the code will be modified without modifying the flag and unable to save.
Fixed VFB crash due to an error in configuring ico_Tab.ini.
The tray icon control and Info function are added, and the prompt is displayed in a balloon style immediately, which is the code control prompt.
Added support for extracting #If #IfDef to the definition part to avoid the definition problem of the same name when compiling under different conditions.
Fix to avoid the font to the box beyond the VFB software.
If the newly added control has a text attribute, you can open the special multi-line text editing on the property page by clicking the small triangle on the right.
Fix the problem that the text control, uppercase or lowercase mode, the editing state does not show the effect.

5.2.9 2020-3-16
Fix the problem that the popup menu is invalid after clicking.
Fix the problem of garbled text when getting the text of the Text control.
Fix the problem that the TAB attribute of the timer control is missing and not written.
Fix the error of FF_INI_GetSectionsList.
Added () {} [] Pairing reminder function (only remind in one row, not reminding in multiple rows) 【Highlights】
Added When searching to the bottom but not searching, you can choose whether to search again from the top. It was just a reminder before.
New After entering the function, type "(" or "," and the parameter prompt for this function will be displayed below the closing point 【Highlights】
Fixed an issue where the file was dragged into the code editor and did not respond.
Modify all WSTRING parameters of CWindow.inc to CWSTR to avoid non-Chinese systems from compiling windows with Chinese names.
Fix the problem that BAS project cannot be compiled.
The newly added BAS project can select "Unicode characters" in the properties, support direct use of function libraries, support Chinese variables and functions, and support functions or procedures without direct declaration. 【Highlights】

5.2.8 2020-3-11
Fix the problem that SQLite3 control is opened in memory mode, after selecting synchronization, Exec is used to execute SQL directly without synchronization.
Fix the problem that the menu editor split character has no name and no check. The delete button to the last item is unavailable.
Fix the problem that when there is a window menu, the control layout function automatically adjusts the height without deducting the menu height.
Fixed a warning in FF_GetRegistryString on 64-bit systems.
Modify 11222, all transformed into ordinary variables, easy to use, and at the same time avoid the novice to get confused about the pointer [Note: the original use of pointers need to modify the code]
New multi-select control, you can modify the same control properties at the same time. 【Highlights】
Fix the problem that the window editing in the read-only state, the newly added controls and properties are not restricted to be modified.
Fix the problem that the small button for switching in the upper right corner of the code editing in the read-only state is not in the correct position.
Modify where there is input text, in the EDIT control, cancel the reserved selection when it is not in focus.
When you delete a control, when there are too many controls, you will no longer be prompted for the full name, but for some control names and how many controls.
Fix the problem that the same project window class name does not prevent the same name, because the WIN system stipulates that the window class name cannot be repeated.
Fix the problem that the same file will be opened at the same time. Use the same name to convert to upper case and then judge to avoid the case where the case of the folder name changes without correct judgment.
Modify The default window class name is: project name_window name combination. It is no longer the previous model of unified English plus numbers.
Modify the CWindow_RegisterClass function in CWindow.inc to fix the problem that the same window class name must be re-registered for the same window, which causes failure and failure to create a window.
Fixed the problem that when multiple controls are encountered, but the previous part of the control name is the same, it cannot be compiled.
New function to get all files under the specified file GetDIR
