5.8.8
Fixed a flash when opening a file from the home page
Fixed a small incorrect size and location of the toolbar when opening a file
Fix that the content displayed in the startup window is too large when the DPI is greater than 150%
Correction of garbled digital display in the color input window and RGB mode
Improves the overall inventory of all code related to VFB processing files, using the W character to avoid problems with traditional languages.
Improvements Make N more improvements to the home page.
Change the project image backup operation after canceling the temporary file opening.
5.8.7 2023-2-19 Rainwater
Correction: When VFB is just opened, if other software has debugging output, there is a certain probability that VFB will flash back.
Fixed an issue where the output display content disappeared when the debug output was dragged out as a separate window and there was an output display.
Fixed an issue where dragging out the bottom tool area caused the window position and size to be abnormal when the tool was never clicked.
Fixed an issue where dragging non engineering tabs always ran behind the VFB window.
Fix the display height of the drop-down function table is too high after the window and code editing are split up and down.
Correction: When selecting many controls, it will be slow and the property box will constantly refresh.
Fix the garbled window name of the inserted event annotation when the window name is in Chinese.
Fixed a problem with some controls, such as selecting colors during design, and not displaying colors when RGB is selected
Correction: After dragging a control, releasing the mouse while quickly moving the mouse outside the control will cause the control property display window to appear instead of the selected control.
Fixed an issue where the project tab automatically switches to a non engineering page after closing a project and does not adjust its position correctly.
To improve the refresh of virtual controls, use an anti jitter method to refresh to avoid excessive virtual control time and setting control properties, resulting in a large number of refresh delays. "Modify the virtual control common class, all virtual control classes, and window templates."
When improving yGDI painting GDI+, if there are decimals in coordinates and dimensions, the output screen will become virtual, so use integer processing instead to improve the display effect.
"Adjust the open help to be in the tab instead of the VFB window.".
"Modify and cancel the character page number settings for project properties, which have proved useless over the years. Multinational language support requires the Unicode mode to be selected.".
Modify Home Page
New window designer, new grid alignment function
A single control locking function has been added. Locked controls cannot be moved or resized, and have been deleted.
2023-2-5 Yuanxiao (Filled round balls made of glutinous rice-flour for Lantern Festival) Edition
Fixed multiple selection controls that changed to single selection controls when dragging.
Fixed a problem with # if (no formatting) in code formatting
Fixed a problem where the bottom tool area could not be dragged out of a separate window
Add a large number of data types (extension library), support user-defined digits, BigFloat DecFloat
Adjust the BAS file opened for the first time, open the console and delete temporary files by default
5.8.6 2023-1-22 Spring Festival Edition
Fixed a problem with opening a project or other issues when clicking the Open button to open a project and using a double click, while the mouse happens to be on the project list or button on the home page.
Fixed opening non engineering files. When a temporary file project exists, it will not automatically switch to the open page
Fixed a problem where the Frame control was repeatedly selected when pressing the Ctrl key to select the control in the Frame control.
Fixed an issue with internal controls that were not synchronized if the Frame control was designed to be hidden or disabled.
Fix real control public property: Kill and hWndForm determine window handle errors, causing functions to not be executed.
Fixed a problem where the Frame control is too large or too small, which could result in it being too small to be large.
Fix that the focus is not in the edit box after opening the search
"When fixing a search window, the search window was not disabled, causing accidents if users randomly clicked"
Fixed a crash after opening VFB for a few minutes in a special network environment.
Fixed the issue of compiling 64 bit software on WIn7 systems, which could not terminate running 64 bit software during recompilation.
Modify text in control properties and modify text in color dialog boxes. Right click to pop up and click the menu. Relevant windows will be automatically hidden
Fixed saving library files without automatically clearing the compilation cache, resulting in recompiling your own project and calling library functions not taking effect.
Correction: After modifying the control name, clicking the Restore button to restore it did not restore the control name in the layer list.
Improve the edit box for searching by clicking Enter to automatically search
When improving the click control, the control and control are stacked together, giving priority to selecting functional controls, then real controls, and finally virtual controls
Improves the ability to drag Frame and PICTURE controls together when other controls occupy more than 80% of their own area inside them.
Improved controls in the PICTURE control (must be real controls, virtual controls are invalid). After compilation, they will be built into the PICTURE control, which is a true container function
Improve the ability to automatically hide the search window when it is not a code editing window, and automatically display it when it comes to the code editing window.
Improve help and fix some errors
After modifying the control name of the control array, all other identical control names will be automatically modified
When saving a control file, it will automatically delete the multi language document configured for the control, avoiding modifying properties or events that cannot correspond to the language.
When improving new events, use document type annotations. When prompted by the code, the bottom help will also display document type annotations.
When adding and opening an FFP project, check the folder of the project. If a missing folder is found, it is automatically created to avoid future usage errors.
Add an extension library: miniZip, which compresses and decompresses ZIP files. The corresponding function: FileZip FileUnZip is provided by: QQ243303453, the passing wind
5.8.5 2023-1-1 New Year's Day Edition
Fixed a problem with not displaying the. bi. txt file when adding files
Fixed a problem with the lack of a horizontal display of GDI+'s rounded rectangles in YGDI.
Fix many bugs and some improvements in the color dialog box
Fixed a problem where the list was not hidden after clicking elsewhere in the pop-up list in the control properties
Fixed a problem with clicking the VFB menu after swapping the left and right mouse buttons
"After updating my code base, the compilation cache was not cleared, causing the target software to use my code base without updating the code.".
Fix that when the top-level folder in my code base is empty, it will repeatedly load all display lists
Fixed a problem where the search term was cleared after searching the code base, and functions in the project were not displayed
Fix Help failed to modify the public database and login.
Add function list, code base list, project list, and related toolbars
In the list of new code bases, click the Define button to open a folder
Improvements When opening Help and the Help window is built-in, clicking VFB Window Close will only close Help.
5.8.4 2022-12-23
"When a file is not opened, clicking on the code base will clutter up the help window, and if debugging output is available, the output window will clutter up.".
Fix VFB crash when the right-click menu "Go to Definition" is not found
Fixed the setting of a separate window in the Help. The next time VFB is opened, the settings are not saved.
Fix WM for all controls_ RButtonDblclk event, one parameter missing, status bar control processing event error. (Provided by iron powder)
Fixed a problem where "Go to Definition" is a content in Help that only opens Help without locating it.
Fix the bottom help, click on keywords, and always locate issues in the language index area.
Corrected menu controls and added menu items, which should return non zero if successful, 0 if unsuccessful, and the problem of not determining duplicate menu IDs. The problem of automatically creating menu handles for new menu items was not saved
Fixed an issue with error prompts for selecting file properties in the pop-up menu for "Window Control Class Files" and project names in the project.
Fixed a problem where multiple languages were selected for the project, and then there were line breaks in the control name, displaying tags.
Fixed a problem with the control properties of EDIT controls that replace text and garbled code after replacement.
Add menu controls, delete a menu item, and delete all menu items to dynamically create right-click menus.
Add the right-click menu "Go to Definition" to access the current function variable definition
Add a menu in Help and add a "Close" menu
In the New Tools menu, add Refresh My Code Base. For example, if you modify my code base, you need to refresh VFB to recognize it.
In the new project, add and create my code base file.
Add Full File Search
When adjusting the display help, the project label is not displayed.
5.8.3  2022-11-24
Fixed VFB crash when an open module file (non window file) is modified by another external source and VFB prompts to reload.
After the base map is selected randomly, adjust the window and switch codes, and the base map display disappears.
Fixed the issue of clicking customer service and displaying corner markers instead of canceling the corner markers.
After modifying the text in the control's properties, clicking elsewhere in the property list did not save the modified text
Fixed an issue where switching events and members were not displayed during control design.
Fixed icon display disabled when adding files to a project as windows
Fixed a bug where the target process was frozen during debugging, and the target process continued to run during debugging. VFB was also frozen, resulting in fake death.
Fixed a problem where the toolbar did not return to its normal button after exiting debugging or closing the debugged software.
Correction: Opening a regular BAS file once will add a line to the insertion position of the VFB function library.
Correction of code coloring exceptions caused by artificially modifying signed FB statements
Fix the failure of automatic backup, and correct the backup logic. It needs to be backed up before timing.
Corrected the control properties. After displaying the EDIT control, and switching labels, EDIT was not hidden.
Fixed the project list right-click menu, library files, and temporary files. The new section was not disabled.
Right click on the correction file label to pop up a menu, and the [Remove from Project] display is valid when the library file is in progress
Fixed non code editing status, and the "Add Function" in the editing menu can also be used (Insert Code Plugin)
Add default location and size options for underlays, as well as default transparency settings.
When adding debugging, the project administrator will be prompted because the administrator software cannot be debugged on systems with permissions.
New support for direct compilation of 64 bit software into assembly. Previously, it must be GCC (starting with the 1.8 compiler).
Add my code base and set folders yourself
Adjust not to force read-only mode when opening my code base file.
Adjust and cancel the "private library". If you have one, please use the old version to copy it first and create a file in the "My Code Library".
Adjust the help to switch display mode without generating tabs
In the adjustment help, except for code sharing, you can create and modify new files, and no other modifications are allowed. It is not created by yourself and cannot be modified.
5.8.2  2022-10-21
Correction: After clicking the switch code, split, and design buttons, the focus does not reach the corresponding location.
Fixed VFB windowless shadows.
Fixed the YFList control, which did not reset the scroll bar to zero after clearing everything, causing the scroll bar to be positioned incorrectly after adding items later.
Fixed an issue where changing the window background color setting does not directly display when editing a window.
Fixed an issue where using arrows to change the up and down relationship in a layer does not change the editing state.
Fixed an issue where the underlay did not shift inward when the code and design were split.
Fixed a bug where you could not switch to code by double-clicking the design state of a standalone window on the control.
Fixed a bug in the display of the control list caused by modifying the position in the layer during design time.
Fixed a design time layer issue where clicking on a blank position did not select the control and did not switch to the main window.
Fixed a design issue where the properties did not change after pressing the buttons up, down, left, and right to select the control.
Fixed a problem where the control bar did not refresh after clicking the "Split" button
Corrected the design status. After adjusting the left and right split bars, the design attribute labels did not refresh
Correction code editing, position deviation after split up and down
Fixed a blank space after the quick typing code, which would add the previous prompt to the end by default.
Fixed a problem where the code does not prompt members of a class pointer when there are pointers to other classes in the class member.
The parameter variable in the attribute code of the fixed class cannot be recognized.
Fixed a problem with non compiled files in the project, and the opened label did not display a disabled icon
Fixed the need to change the name and icon of the label immediately after compilation
Fix that the name on the label appears empty after opening the BAS file
Fix that when you double-click the library list function name, it is not in the code editing state and will be inserted into the background code editor
Modify the control list and function list at the top of the code editor and remove the use of system drop-down controls (too many disadvantages)
The paste attribute for the Minilink control has been added. The original MB API document lacks this attribute, which is available in DLLs.
The contrast of color matching has been increased due to insufficient contrast between text and background color, which makes reading difficult.
When adding a design, the mouse wheel can scroll the main window position. Press the Ctrl key to scroll left and right. Press the middle button and click the design button to reset the design window position.
Add event and member views in the property area of the new design interface.
Add this in the support class function The code prompts itself for class members.
Add a YF directory tree control to replace the directory tree control in the system. Better skin setup and higher efficiency.
"When adding and closing VFB, save the opening of the sidebar, and restore it after reopening VFB."
Adjust the YFList control. When there is a scroll bar, too much space is left at the bottom, and now only 10 pixels are left.
Adjust the control array to display one control and then () in the control list edited by the code, no longer displaying all.
Adjust the click control list sidebar to switch or open a file. When you double-click, it is a window, and it switches code and design status.
5.8.1 2022-10-7
Corrected the display of 2 time prompts at the bottom
Fix the file menu and close the issue where the current project is not valid.
Fix component management, display text error, forgot to update.
Fixed that the focus did not shift to window editing or code editing after clicking the project tab
Fixed an issue where window editing did not immediately follow changes after switching themes.
After modifying the control name, the control member was prompted not to change the name after typing the window name in the code.
Fix the error in the color of the adjustment box edited by the control in the main window range.
Fix YF scroll bar and YF button group controls. When clicked continuously, it will become a double click and one click will be missed
Failed to fix software associated with default project file opening
Fixed an issue that allowed multiple VFBs to be opened before loading the previous project.
Fixed a problem where the project was not opened and the tools in the Tools menu could not be opened
Fixed a crash when finding and searching library files, selecting the current project, and finding other files.
Correction of automatic protection