5.5.6 2021-5-8
Fix the problem that when the bottom is not displayed in the menu, clicking [Code] will not switch
Fix the problem that when the left side area is hidden, the code editing position is not to the left.
Fixed the problem of displaying non-engineering abnormalities after hiding the positions of the side and bottom areas.
Fix the problem that the code of the window receiving keyboard events is not modified when the window has no controls in the resource file.
Correction When starting VFB, what should not be displayed will be displayed after waiting a few seconds before being hidden.
Fix the problem that there is always a history record selected every time you switch to the homepage
Fixed the problem that when you open the project directly without opening the VFB, the VFB does not activate the last record in the newly opened project after the VFB is started.
Fixed the problem that when the VFB crashes or dies unexpectedly, restarting the VFB does not accurately restore the state before the crash.
Correction When the window name or control name is set to a number leading or empty or illegal characters, and other legality checks, it will prompt that it is not allowed, because the core code is wrong during compilation.
Fix the problem of adding or opening a sub-window in the project, but the sub-window cannot be found in the TAB control.
Fix the problem that the control can be deleted even in the locked state of window editing.
Correction After adding an event, all events in the event list are marked as no event, which also causes repeated selection of events and repeated event codes.
Fixed an issue where the last label in the left and right areas could not be selected due to insufficient width.
Fix the problem that the software icon is always re-embedded repeatedly, that is, there are two duplicates of the EXE icon.
Amendment The software update error will be prompted due to an error in the Yongfang server link.
Fix the problem that the private library of editing help still prompts the account and password to log in.
Optimization When not engineering, hide the side and bottom areas.
Optimize the shortcut key for redo, changed from Ctrl+E to Ctrl+Shift+Z
Optimization When multiple languages ​​are not checked in the project, the use of vfb_LangString in the code will be directly converted to characters. Avoid compiling errors.
Optimization Treat multi-language vfb_LangString as a character array to improve execution efficiency. It used to be a function.
Optimization Multi-language documents are grouped in windows, while retaining the original text, one line of the original text and one line of translation, which is convenient for translating language documents.
Optimization Multilingualization of plug-ins and controls, all language documents are unified in one file, which is convenient for management and translation.
Optimization Controls except for control classes, other configurations are provided by DLL. VFB no longer reads the control configuration, but only calls the control DLL interface to obtain the configuration, so that the control DLL has more freedom to write, and the control DLL can play freely.
Optimize the focus frame of the code editor to avoid the problem of flashing when scrolling and typing codes.
Optimization After the main menu pops up, drag the mouse to pop up the other main menus immediately, and it used to be delayed by 300ms.
Improve the color editor, add HSB color model
To improve skin color matching, simply set a few necessary colors, and other detailed colors are automatically processed by VFB (using HSB algorithm to process brightness and chroma).
Improved Combo control perfectly supports skin color matching.
Improve the code color theme to increase the automatic synchronization window theme, the window theme color changes, it also automatically changes.
Improve the note plug-in and the immediate plug-in, respond to the window theme, automatically adjust the background color and font color.
Improvement Change the 32-bit Miniblink control back to the 2020.3.24 version of the DLL. The new version is very stuck and the file size is 10MB, so I will not consider updating in the future. If you need a new version of DLL, go to the MB official website to download it yourself.

5.5.5 2021-4-25
Fixed the problem that when the minimum value of the scroll bar control is set to a negative number, the negative value changes to the maximum value when scrolling.
Fix the window centering function of the control. The selected control is centered separately, and the selected control should be centered in the entire group.
Fixed the problem that Hscroll control cannot be compiled when the main window is in Chinese.
Fix the problem that the focus frame is not displayed in the window editing when the code and window editing are split.
Added side and bottom, in the code editing state, you can choose to hide in the view menu, or click the code text of the code design button to switch the display.
Added a new mouse wizard template, you can use this to copy the script recorded by [Yongfang Mouse Wizard] to directly generate the software.
Added a ruler display in the edit area of ​​the window
Added the start group homepage, which is convenient for operation, and the homepage cannot be closed.
Optimization Switch to window editing to display the window faster.
Optimization Code function positioning (the current function name is displayed at the top when the code is edited) is changed to delay in real time. Keep dragging the selection code up and down without changing the card.
Optimization When pasting a control, if it encounters an array control with the same name, it is directly judged as a control array and no longer asks whether to create a control array.
Optimization Opening the same project after opening multiple VFBs will be prevented from opening.
